gh-127604: Add C stack dumps to `faulthandler` (#128159)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  (Contributed by James Roy in :gh:`126585`.)

faulthandler
------------

* Add support for printing the C stack trace on systems that support it via

>   :func:`faulthandler.dump_c_stack` or via the *c_stack* argument in :func:`faulthandler.enable`.

Reviewer: Don't forget to add (Contributed by XXX in :gh:\`...\`) to get the issue number.

>   :func:`faulthandler.dump_c_stack` or via the *c_stack* argument in :func:`faulthandler.c_stack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :func:`faulthandler.dump_c_stack` or via the *c_stack* argument of :func:`faulthandler.enable`.
```

Author: Yeah, I already fixed these.

  (Contributed by James Roy in :gh:`126585`.)

faulthandler
------------

> * Add support for printing the C stack trace on systems that support it via

Reviewer 2: Link also against the docs for `dump_c_stack` for more information on compatibility.
